>> Ben Hong: Some of you may be thinking,
why do you need state management?
After all,
you have the power of composables.
Who needs it anymore?
I can do everything.
We don't need state management stores.
Yes, it is true.
We basically model how data stores work.
You basically are doing your state,
your getters, your actions.
The thing I always tell people about state
management libraries is that what you're
providing your team is a set of
standards that everyone can follow.
Now granted, if you're going to author
your own internal state management library
that you heavily document and that's type
safe, and if you want to do all that,
that is awesome and
I like more power to you.
But one of the things that things like
Pinia does allow us to do is the fact that
you have these full time
open source maintainers who
are basically trying to create,
especially within the VUE community,
they're very motivated to create
the best UX they can give you.
And so, for example, you can see here in
the new dev tools, let's see this here,
here's like the little pinny icon,
little pineapple.
You see here,
you can actually see all the stuff.
You can inspect it and even modify it, if
you need to test anything, save it down.
It can even track like the timeline
in terms of mutations.
So I believe if I went in here and
changed this.
Let me hide this real quick, update task.
I think, I think I know why,
because that one's not connected yet.
But you can see here, basically you
get a lot of this work for free.
And to be honest, if you look
underneath Pinia in particular,
it's really not that far from composables.
It's just a set of standards that's kind
of been agreed upon by the community.
So if you're worried about bulk and that
kind of stuff, Pinia has already, unlike
for those of us who were in the Vuex days,
the Vue 2, that was heavier because a lot
of times you had to do a lot to manually
optimize the performance of it.
So back then a lot of people would use
global stores, basically one big store,
and they would chunk out small stores.
But what they didn't know was that all
the stores are being lumped in together.
So anytime someone loaded something,
they were loading.
It was the whole like, ask for a banana,
get the rainforest kind of thing.
And so Pinia by default,
every time we do something like we see
here where we just do like a tax store,
time entry store, those are already
tree shaken, they're separate.
They're basically the equivalent of these
composables we have here, where as long as
you're importing them on specific files,
it's already doing that for you.
There's no giant glob that's
being built together and
then being shipped to your users.
And so, for that reason, I find that,
generally speaking, state management
libraries are helpful for especially large
teams, teams that need some standards.